your hat is fabulous now if we don't
give us a ticket today and just a
warning license and registration okay
this your monkey the truck monkey a
revolutionary idea you'll only find it
suburban auto group
the trunk monkey that retrieval system
because sometimes getting your car back
is simply not enough another
revolutionary idea you'll only find at
suburban Auto Group pending approval by
Department of Agriculture what do you
think you're honking at huh what you
don't like the way I don't know you want
to please me what's gonna get you some
ha where you know while you kiss me off
by anybody night take your pattern me
while you guys know I like the way you
drive we're gonna fix the trunk monkey a
revolutionary idea you'll only find
suburban auto group pending approval by
attorney general all right back in the
truck
the truck mucky the revolutionary idea
you'll only find one place suburban auto
group here we are I still can't believe
my dad loved us even touch his new car I
think it came with the car hey wait the
trunk monkey chaperone version an
innovative idea you'll only find at
suburban auto group don't worry it's
happening right now what are we doing
okay all right
breathe with the monkeys the trunk
monkey pediatric edition an innovative
idea you'll only find at suburban Auto
Group
you